so in a striking display of the free
market inaction that state governments
around the country are returned to north
carolina where their state senate is
considering a bill that would
effectively banned the auto manufacturer
tests la from selling cars in their
state uh... now i'm not exaggerating if
it is passed its current form
all week as to what will be outlawed in
north carolina
to c_n_n_ idea of how the bill functions
what they're worried about is what they
consider to be unfair competition uh...
i think that what they're really worried
about is just competition but they say
unfair for their for their sick
so the problem is they have with tassel
specifically
is that they don't operate for a network
of third-party dealers which every other
auto manufacturer that i know that lease
does
uh... they just do direct sales idea
through their showrooms through online
and those than they sell directly to the
consumers
now who is backing this bill in north
carolina isle of this the north carolina
automobile dealers association uh...
you're not going to press on that out
and other sponsor of a state senator tom
apple dhaka
little bit of trivia about tom papa doc
a what he's best known for at least in
this story is taking the maximum eight
thousand dollars in donations from the
north carolina automobile dealers
association just last year
maybe those are connected maybe they're
not let's do a little bit of research
find out
and so they would be in tests love from
from uh... engaging in any sales
whatsoever even online sales in north
carolina
just give you an idea of why this is
worthy of discussion
test what is one of the most ideas
modern uh... automobile dealers mate
they sell exclusively all electric cars
and they're doing really well by the way
there of repaying the government for the
loans at they took out
way ahead of schedule
and also doing well in sales
died just this last quarter they out
sold the mercedes s class the bmw seven
series and how the a
uh... all those are extremely well-known
extremely respected extremely luxurious
and well performing cars there
uh... now look we're not being sponsored
by any of them were also not being
sponsored by test let
although i would love to get out she
police i think that would be also
aboard don't really have
um... so we got this north carolina bill
i think the steve owen has something to
say about that this is a bill of attain
their
uh... for dead by article one section of
the constitution
uh... and a corporate distaste reporting
that amendment
the point is you can't make a law that
this singles out a ones
one individual as we all know
corporation the people may friend ka
misled anti silver have like and has a
lot of things dot roller can't
you know walking the sidewalks past nine
pm that's the goal of the painter
disability and he can't do it
it is a legal isn't unconstitutional
secondly
my god
the ordeal of the free market this is
the most likely says the most anti-free
market bill ever come to your point by
the way but the bills are tender there
being a little bit clever in the
crafting of this bill
they're not saying tassel specifically
they're just saying you have to have the
network of third-party dealerships
uh... they're not the only state by the
way that sister mandating against esler
i've texas also has a bill
uh... that would help to stop them from
selling
you cannot sell cars
through dealerships there'll still rooms
at the slabs
uh... those specifically if you're not
one of the license third-party dealers
you can't sell cars to the dealerships
offer test drives or even mentioned
uh... cost of the car to a customer the
comes in
uh... but they do still allow you to
sell your cars online are they not
merciful now that's texas which i wonder
if carolina uh... really briefly one of
the reasons i hate this is that i've
recently gotten just enough money to buy
an extremely cheap car and there's
nothing i hate more than a third party
automobile dealers i don't see why
they're necessary we're living in twenty
thirteen where was so far past somebody
wandering on allotment saying what
currency have will cut engine to they
have
by the time you get to a ford dealer
today you know more about the cars in
the dealers to i think that they have
long outlive uh... any usefulness that
they have
i like the test what is innovating
uh... and unfortunately
uh... if this passes a bill because
trained at least in one st
i have a feeling that this will be seen
to be unconstitutional at least that's
my hope